Extend choicesAllMatching to records. (#3229)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/inheritance.tex

The annotation is not restricted to replaceable elements but can also be applied to non-replaceable elements, enumeration types, and simple variables.
For a \lstinline!Boolean! variable, a \lstinline!choices! annotation may contain the definition \lstinline!checkBox = true!, meaning to display a checkbox to input the values \lstinline!false! or \lstinline!true! in the graphical user interface.

> The annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true!\annotationindex{choicesAllMatching} on an element indicates that tools should automatically construct a menu with appropriate choices.

Author: Yes. But writing "replaceable or record variable" at that point would be too much for me - so I reformulated quite a bit.

> The annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true!\annotationindex{choicesAllMatching} on an element indicates that tools should automatically construct a menu with appropriate choices.

Author: @eshmoylova can you confirm that it is now ok?

> The annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true!\annotationindex{choicesAllMatching} on an element indicates that tools should automatically construct a menu with appropriate choices.

Reviewer: Yes, resolving.

For a replaceable element the included elements should be usable for replacing it.
Exact criteria for inclusion in such a menu are not defined, but there shall be a a way to at least get a selection of classes, \lstinline!A.B.$\ldots$.X.Z!, that are either directly or indirectly derived by inheritance from the constraining class of the declaration, where \lstinline!A! to \lstinline!X! are non-partial packages, and \lstinline!Z! is non-partial.

> For a record variable the included elements shall include matching record constants and call of matching record constructors (matching classes as for replaceable elements).

Reviewer 2: Plural:
```suggestion
For a record variable the included elements shall include matching record constants and calls of matching record constructors (matching classes as for replaceable elements).
```

This menu can be disabled using annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = false!.
It is possible to combine the two annotations for one declaration, and tools may avoid generating duplicate menu entries in that case.
\begin{nonnormative}
The behavior when \lstinline!choicesAllMatching! is not specified; ideally it should present (at least) the same choices as for \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true;! but if it takes (too long) time to present the list it is better to have \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = false!.
\end{nonnormative}

\begin{example}

> Demonstrating both annotations for replaceable elements.

Reviewer 2: Change to go with splitting of example into three smaller ones (see below):
```suggestion
Applying the \lstinline!choices! and  \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true! to replaceable elements.
```

Author: To me "demonstrating" makes more sense when presenting examples.

Author: And even for one example.

Reviewer 2: OK.
```suggestion
Demonstrating the \lstinline!choices! and  \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true! annotations applied to replaceable elements.
```

The annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true!\annotationindex{choicesAllMatching} on the following kinds of elements indicates that tools should automatically construct a menu with appropriate choices.
\begin{itemize}
\item For a replaceable element the included elements should be usable for replacing it.
Exact criteria for inclusion in such a menu are not defined, but there shall be a a way to at least get a selection of classes, \lstinline!A.B.$\ldots$.X.Z!, that are either directly or indirectly derived by inheritance from the constraining class of the declaration, where \lstinline!A! to \lstinline!X! are non-partial packages, and \lstinline!Z! is non-partial.
\item For a record variable the included elements shall include matching record constants and calls of matching record constructors (matching classes as for replaceable elements).
\end{itemize}

This menu can be disabled using annotation \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = false!.
It is possible to combine the two annotations for one declaration, and tools may avoid generating duplicate menu entries in that case.
\begin{nonnormative}

> The behavior when \lstinline!choicesAllMatching! is not specified; ideally it should for replaceable elements present (at least) the same choices as for \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true;! but if it takes (too long) time to present the list it is better to have \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = false!.

Reviewer 2: Since this sentence is being touched, we should take the opportunity to also make it more readable; the use of semicolon doesn't make sense to me after the first part.  Is that what is meant?
```suggestion
When \lstinline!choicesAllMatching! is not specified the following behavior is recommended.
For replaceable elements, a tool could ideally present (at least) the same choices as for \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true!, but if it takes (too long) time to present the list it might be better to use the \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = false! behavior instead.
```

  annotation(choicesAllMatching = true);
\end{lstlisting}

> The \lstinline!choicesAllMatching=true! annotation can also be applied to parameter records.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to split into smaller examples?

> The \lstinline!choicesAllMatching=true! annotation can also be applied to parameter records.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to split into smaller examples (together with rewording the beginning of the first one)?
(Github won't let me suggest to remove the empty line after the listing.)
```suggestion
\end{example}

\begin{example}
Applying the \lstinline!choicesAllMatching = true! annotation to parameter records.
```

\begin{lstlisting}[language=modelica]
record Medium
  parameter SI.Density rho "Density";

> $\ldots$

Reviewer 2: Indent record content:
```suggestion
  $\ldots$
```

end Medium;

> record Air_30degC=Medium(rho=1.149, ...);
> constant Medium MyAir=Medium(rho=1.1, ...);
> 
> model OpenTank
>   parameter Medium medium=Medium() annotation(choicesAllMatching=true);

Reviewer 2: The usual spacing, and some ldots:
```suggestion
record Air_30degC = Medium(rho = 1.149, $\ldots$);
constant Medium MyAir = Medium(rho = 1.1, $\ldots$);

model OpenTank
  parameter Medium medium = Medium() annotation(choicesAllMatching = true);
```

end OpenTank;
\end{lstlisting}
The choices for \lstinline!medium! shall include \lstinline!Medium()!, \lstinline!Air_30degC()!, and \lstinline!MyAir!.

> If \lstinline!Medium()! is chosen it is necessary to also set its \lstinline!rho!-parameter.
> 
> The \lstinline!choiches! annotation can also be applied to nonreplaceable declarations, e.g.\ to describe enumerations.

Reviewer 2: One more split:
```suggestion
If \lstinline!Medium()! is chosen it is necessary to also set its \lstinline!rho!-parameter.
\end{example}

\begin{example}
Applying the \lstinline!choiches! annotation to nonreplaceable declarations, e.g., to describe enumerations.
```

> The \lstinline!choiches! annotation can also be applied to nonreplaceable declarations, e.g.\ to describe enumerations.

Reviewer: My comment became outdated while I was finishing the rest of the review, and I couldn't find a way to remove it. There is a new comment on the updated text. Resolving this one.

A a(x = 3 "PID");
\end{lstlisting}

> The \lstinline!choiches! annotation can also be applied to \lstinline!Boolean! variables to define a check box.

Reviewer 2: Good opportunity to remove bad space:
```suggestion
The \lstinline!choiches! annotation can also be applied to \lstinline!Boolean! variables to define a checkbox.
```

Author: Both forms are valid, so I don't see a need to change that. 
It seems that currently "check box" is more popular in US English and "checkbox" more popular in British English according to google ngrams

Author: Similarly I don't see a need for spaces everywhere in the document. 
The C++ standard states the following "we intentionally use a variety of different styles to emphasize that the core language does not enforce any particular style."

Reviewer 2: OK, it wasn't my intention to turn US English into British.  Resolving.
